---
template: blog-post
title: KOT IPS Touchscreen With Night Vision
slug: /night-vision
date: 2020-05-13 12:37
description: Not everyone displays their stunts in the daytime. If you are a
  night rider and still want to capture all the fun on camera, you have to
  purchase this exceptional night vision camera from KOT.
featuredImage: /assets/img1.jpg
---
It is the best camera for skateboarding photography at night, and we are sure you will love all the cool features it offers. The package is delivered complete with a 4K HD camera, charger, extra batteries, extra wide-angle lens, external microphone, and external spotlight. This is by far one of the best quality night camcorders you will come across.

The sturdy batteries are easy to install and takedown. They charge very fast and are very reliable, so you’re sure to catch all the action without them failing. You can catch a bigger shooting area with the use of the wide-angle lens. This will allow you to enjoy big scenery and exceptional landscape shots.

Everything required to set up the lens is provided in the package and is convenient to use. As you film, you get to pick up quality sound with a strong external microphone.

After filming, you can share with friends via wi-fi when you download the NovaCam app on your device. The camera has built-in abilities to help with noise reduction, so your audio remains unadulterated. Take note that this microphone only fits the KOT camera, so you cannot use it on another device.

This is a great camera for taking skateboarding photos and videos. It is loaded with many helpful features that work well to enhance images. This night vision camera comes with everything you need to take good images, and you will never need a more professional camera.

It is perfect for beginners and experienced videographers alike. Although this camera is well protected in a pouch, it would have been even better with a  lens cap.

This would have offered more protection for the device, but you should have no problems keeping your camera safe if you are extra careful with storage and usage. This camera will make a great gift for a friend of yours who loves action photography.

Highlights

    Infrared night vision mode.
    High definition touch screen with 270 degrees rotation.
    Comes with an LED video light.
    Comes with an external microphone.
    Comes with a wide-angle lens.

Pros

    Connects wirelessly for easy sharing.
    Comes with two strong rechargeable batteries.
    Shoots high quality 4K images with crisp colors.
    It can be used as a webcam.
    The screen rotates easily.

Cons

    Does not have a lens cap.
    The microphone only fits KOT cameras and cannot be repurposed.